2016 don't breathe was a great or fresh airsmart
twisty learn mean horror film that took the
villains and hears from the first act and slowly
made them switch places in the heart's mind and
sympathies of this audience produced for barely 10
million dollars in closing your b16 times at the
box office it was also a huge success but the film
it had one problem it didn't scream sequel now
don't breathe too here the blind man this back and
his apparently the hero veteran actor stefan lang
was a based in the first film a miserable old
blind but leaving alone mourning the death of his
killed in a car accident daughter with a robbers
broke into his house at all but abundant section
of detroit causing him to stand his ground and
protect the demented secret hidden space but
by the end of the original don't breathe movie a
course learned the blind man wasn't as innocent
or helpless as he seemed not only amy murdered and
maimed the thieves but before they discovered the
accuted woman who killed his daughter tied up in
the basement of his home forcing her to carry his
child to term after that owen was killed he tried
to tie up and impregnate rocking the female robber
and eventual souls survivor the struggled rocky
got a happy ending at the end of the first film
but it don't be too the ending is far more
complicated if you are concerned about spoilers
read on for a section of the final moments if
don't preach to the set up don't read 2 is set
8 years after the events of the first film and
brings us the blind man leaving a happier life in
the 11 year old girl named phoenix defies this as
daughter true to his nature he is raising her as a
survivalist that are relative short it the two
of them have a vcs dog named shadow we learned
that phoenix is it really is daughter at all
but another victim of the blind man's demented
yearning to once again have a child of his own
sins our youth phoenix has been told that norman
was married to her mother their house burned down
and she was killed in the fires as it turns out
the house was a myth lab it exploded and norman
discovered phoenix in the aftermath took her home
the real father was arrested and spent eight
years in prison as it turns out is a lie but
on the verge of succumbing to after effects
of the chemicals and smoke from the explosion
the film's final arrives after rail and it is
green bin norman house beat him down and take
phoenix back braelynn tells her that her real name
is tara introduces her to her clinging to life and
a family reunion since in order until real reveals
that the only way to keep your all modern life
is a heart transplant and they are made plans to
turn phoenix into an unveiling or donor who lives
who dies in the final moments of any horror
film it often comes down to a moral judgment
in the form of come up with life is reward in
death as punishment don't pray too strongly
subscribed to this theory and much like the first
don't preach it wants to operate in the gray areas
between who's good and who's bad it's just not
really as good as making its audience manipulation
wants the mostly nameless mostly fearless
supporting billions have been dispatched by norman
he reaches the film's box level now on railing
church norman must make his way to the extremely
unhygienic location where an evil surgeon plans
to make the heart transfer what phoenix is still
awake no less thankfully trailers right hand
mate role decides he's had enough after norman
pretends to be unconscious then uses the rules
to mount down roles men in a blaze of gunfire
i will tell norman where everyone is then washes
his hands of the whole situation largely viewed
off-screen norman ambushes the disgraced surgeon
leaves him breathing out as norman and friends
raelan a bottle and shears and bullets
start fighting caught in the carriage in
phoenix mall and kept her in a wheelchair when the
wheelchair rolls into a nearby empty swimming pool
eihan's carbon moment in susan fenix must make
a choice grab a hacksaw and cut through her
mom's door or take the fall let's put it this way
there will be blood norman sims to win the battle
with whaler his fingers into the man's eyes and
say now you will see what i see then pushing it
stops the railer's body goes limp apparently that
allowing norman to have a moment phoenix but then
it doubles the prices tab occurs when
rail services and stab north phoenix
surfaces behind graceland and stabs him the film
end on a somewhat uplifting notice a girl finds
her way to children's shelter joining the group
of happy looking kids out front they asked her
name she considers everything that just transpired
for a moment that answers phoenix is the blind man
a bad guy the first don't breathe gave us plenty
of reasons to cheer for norman is a veteran who
lost his sight in the gulf war his daughter was
killed in a tragic car accident he was wrong but
the justice system but wider killer work and he's
an old guy in a dilapidated house who just want to
be left alone by the end of the film it also given
us plenty of reasons to feel bad about cheering
for him he seemed to take us statistically
in hunting and murdering the home invaders
he had a doctor his child's killer and tied her up
in his basement and despite his protestations to
the contrary he was a rapist don't breathe 2 seems
to go the opposite way at the beginning of the
film he's not only carry all the baggage from the
first movie that would have the audience decidedly
not on his side but norman has now adopted a
little girl racer on the lines and is treating her
like a cages bird but by the end of the film he
has somehow made inroads towards redeeming herself
by serving as her protector and repeatedly
sacrificing himself to keep her able parents
at bay how you feel about norman at the end of the
don't break two will play a big part in whether
you like or dislike it sadly another factor that
will pay a big part is how you interrupt his
final words when it seems as though the trait has
subsided and relieve his dead norman in phoenix
here a moment he is banged up and bloody no doubt
but old man seems likely to live that when he
bagged her to masterful filmmaker is good at
manipulating the audience like a marionette while
hiding the story they used to listen happiness
anger and other emotions don't breathe too does
not show any signs of a master filmmaker at work
and skeptical interpretation of the operating line
could be the director rhoda shakes needed norman
to say that so the audience would turn against
the blind man pleasing them when he is apparently
mortally is tapped second later a lace skeptical
interpretation could be that norman scrams that
trait to show character growth in its final
moments in the original don't break two you went
out of his way to tell rocket that he is not a
rapist but simply somehow who offered his captive
it deal that she willingly accepted if you allow
the blind man to impregnate her and then carried
the baby to term she would be set free it's
horrific obviously but in this twisted mind it
allowed him to justify its actions so which do you
believe is a raved and exploited alignment to make
us once and for all went the blind man dead or
last minute confession that shows he's ready to
accept punishment and confessed all signs save me
moments after the aforementioned exchange
norman is established in sims to be on the
verge of death phoenix banks are quite as a father
to hang on showing not only that she cares for him
but also that she forgives him for what he's done
i can save you she insists you already have he
replies and that is that it's a rare sweet moment
in the don't breathe series it's also somewhat
disheartening if you take the i wrecked life
for what it should be a confession that he has
committed such awful crimes while norman's mothers
could perhaps somewhat be justified the killings
we witnessed all the extraordinary circumstances
of self-defense and home invasion and took up some
very bad people who likely would have murdered and
otherwise harm to others but rape do you really
want to think he was saved from any guilt there
again it's open to personal interpretation of
introspection what you want to save or effectively
absolve such a man on his deathbed at times
don't pray 2 feels like a really dumb
film but it does give you something
substantial to work at the aim does phoenix
get a happy ending by choosing the name
phoenix to introduce herself to the other children
and the shelter she was effectively choosing to go
forward in life while embracing the heritage and
still that are by the blind man norman certainly
had this issue but he did teach her self-reliance
valuable suspicious of her follow human beings
and perhaps the resolve to life a better more
open life after seeing the prison is existence
become it she had told those kids her name was
tara that would most likely have indicated that
you wanted to put the norman era of her life
behind her that she would ignore his teaching
suppressed memories of the man and instead try
most likely falling to rescue the life she had
originally been on before the math explosion
with both of her birth parents now gone what
did she even go back to obviously she remembers
very little of them in whatever lessons they
imparted on her during her first few years of life
most likely artwork take forward instead perhaps
he should have got a third route phoenix
tara could have given the third name making
something up on the spot to indicate a rebirth and
a new person to develop that might have been the
most uplifting and they especially because
the audience have been seeming conditioned to
despise not just moments before okay he said
she saved him but are we really supposed to
want phoenix to grow up to be like the blind
man thanks for watching and if you are new to
our channel subscribe and click the bell so you
don't miss out on our latest videos of this place
you